## The Types of Arrogance
---
In the past year or two, I would think about whether or not I was an arrogant person, and whether or not that is a good thing or not. At my point of view at the time, a bit of arrogant would be not only good, but necessary. Technically, it would be considered arrogant to think that you can become a great person even though you are far from it. Just think about it. If you come up to a person and say "I'm going to become a trillionare in my life", what would people label you? The first thing to come up in mind would obviously arrogant, amongst the other things, which is a totally correct thing to consider. 

However, there should be a difference between that form of arrogance, and others. There is a notable difference between the type of arrogance that is the "I will be" kind and the "I am". I think that this difference is due to the lack of truthfulness in some deeper level. Imagine if someone in a workplace declares itself and acts as if they're better than their other coworkers. Even if he is the most competent member of the organization, acting like that transmits a more deeper message, one that is sort of untruthful, while masking it up with some concrete truths. Perhaps this message is "I'm a better human being"? That could vary, but maybe that is the fundamental one. Whilst the other, more benign form, transmits the message "I want to become a better person". If one can transmit this form of message without transmitting the "I am a better person than you are", then that could be a healthy form of arrogance. 